feat: compilation for JVM (#4766)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/multiplatform/multiplatform-publish-lib.md

This `kotlinMultiplatform` publication includes metadata artifacts and references the other publications as its variants.

Some repositories, such as Maven Central, require the root module to contain a JAR artifact without a classifier,
for example `kotlinMultiplatform-1.0.jar`.
The Kotlin Multiplatform plugin automatically produces the required artifact with the embedded metadata artifacts.

> This means you don't have to customize your build by adding an empty artifact to the root module of your library to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means you don't have to add an empty artifact to the root module of your library to
```

I would guess that this is implied, but not sure.
